# Agenda: Week 3

Chair: Daan Panis
Date: December 1, 2022 11:45
Location: Drebbelweg PC Hall 1
Main focus: Requirements and architecture assignment
Notetaker: Marina Serafeimidi

## Opening

The chair will open the meeting and quickly go over what will be discussed during the meeting.

---

## Points of action

We will start with going over our points of action for the upcoming week

- Finish the first draft of the architecture document (deadline December 2, 2022)
- Set up the project and pipelines in GitLab
- Create tickets for the requirements in GitLab

---

## Topics

There are two main topics that we would like to discuss during the meeting.

### Requirements

The first topic of the meeting is the requirements. The main questions we have about the requirements are:

- Should customers without an account also be able to order pizza’s?
- What should the behaviour of the buy one get one free coupon work? How do we decide which items they coupon applies to?
- Some of the requirements require us to notify the store or the regional manager. What type of notifications should we support: E-Mail or something different?
- Should we also have the functionality to filter by a list of allergens, not necessarily mentioned in your account?
- Should we support multiple types of pizza bottoms (normal dough, cauliflower dough, etc..)?
- Is something like “the system should be implemented in java 11” a non-functional requirement? Or is there a difference between technical requirements and non-functional requirements.
- Is our usage of the “Administrator” role in the requirements document correct or should we use something like “System”?

### Architecture

The second topic is the first architecture draft we are to deliver by this Friday. The main questions we have are:

- We are still a bit uncertain what exactly we need to deliver for the first assignment on Friday. We wanted to ask if it’s possible to get more elaboration on what is expected.
- Would it make more sense to have the role in the authentication micro-service / bounded context?
- Should we split up our document into a chapter for bounded contexts, a chapter for mapping bounded contexts to micro-services and then a chapter for explaining the interactions between the micro-services?

---

## Final question round

Any other questions that were not covered in the previous topics, or any new questions that came up should be asked now.

---

## Closing

Once everything has been discussed the meeting will be adjourned.